# Architecture Layers

- discussion document
- architecture layers, bottom to top

## Discovery

Concepts:

- *paranoid peer group* (PPG): a group of peers with access to a single file system

Requests (synchronous):

- Return the network addresses of all of the peers in a PPG.

Notifications (asynchronous):

- A new peer in PPG is available; here's its address.

Initially:

- Probably not required.

    We can hardwire a single PPG initially at the communication level, see below.

Notes:

- we will probably need some notion of a client's identity and of a file-system's identity.

## Communication

Concepts:

- *messages*

Communication is assumed to be best-effort.

Requests:

- send this message to this peers
- send this message to all peers

Notifications (asynchronous):

- message received from peer

Messages are not stored.  If a peer is not available, then the message is not delivered to that peer.

Initially:

- Implement a web-socket based ping server at a hard-coded address.

    The server simply relays each message received to all clients.

## Consistency

Concepts:

- *content messages*: the message contains file-system data
- *protocol messages*: the message contains meta data
- *message consistency*: a quorum of peers agree a prefix of the sequence of content messages sent

Message consistency is achieved via some consensus algorithm such as Paxos or Raft.

## Flat File-System Layer

Concepts:

- files have a file-system unique identity (a la inodes)
- files may have other properties (permissions, ownership, ACL, etc)

Operations:

- create file
- link a file (increment reference count)
- unlink a file (decrement reference count; removed which reference count is 0)
- truncate
- write (offset, length, data)
- operations related to properties

All peers agree a "log" of these operations as an agreed sequence of content messages.

Issues:

- there may be ordering and atomicity constraints

## Secure File-System Layer

This is where Terry's ideas go.

Requires thought; a no-op layer will work initially.

Concepts:

- file-system key??

Operations:

- lock
- unlock

## Structured File-System Layer

Concepts:

- directories; hence also directory hierarchies

## FUSE Layer

## Sprint 1 -- Notes

Parts:

- echo server (JS/CS)
- messaging layer (API, even if it's a no-op)
- file system API:

    create
    write
    ...

    with files cached in disk (somewhere)

- FUSE interface (to files cached somewhere)

